Okay. Now that we have our script tested, verified, and deployed,
now you can see the real benefits of infrastructure as code.
You don't run into the risk of forgetting something,
or missing a stab, or mistyping something.
This is the time when you would need to be able
to do this over and over again not just for a single resource,
like we just did, but for many resources.
It could be hundreds.
So the only way to visualize this is through a diagram.
So in the next lesson, what we're going to do is,
we're going to be able to start creating
our own diagrams and be able to read them because in the real world,
what you're going to see is somebody is going to hand you
a Cloud architecture diagram and you need to be able to understand what everything means,
all the containers, all the specific symbols that represent infrastructure.
Once you understand those and create your own,
then we're going to go into actually turning that into code.
But right now, let's just focus on the diagrams.